TODO.md, before:

QTobiiDevTrack::Todo
--

## Development
- [x] Integrate Tobii Stream Engine API
- [x] Setup API and initialize device
- [x] Define a common plugin for all tracking subscriptions from SDK
- [x] Create and prepare structure for plug-able tracking
- [ ] Check and change (when possible) to one build directory for all sub projects
- [ ] Start tracking engine in a separate thread
- [ ] Add a struct for exit codes
- [ ] Implement toggling button to start/stop tracking thread
- [ ] Implement toggling button to start/stop tracking
- [ ] Check and enable/disable buttons appropriately for starting/stopping thread and tracking
- [ ] Draft and add a generic interface for following tracking implementations
- [ ] Implement Gaze Point tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Add to gaze point tracking denormalization of coordinates
- [ ] Implement Gaze Origin tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Implement Eye Position tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Implement User Presence tracking and data display
- [ ] Implement Head Position tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Add an about dialog


## Documentation
- [ ] Write more detailed README, describing requirements, build process and features
- [ ] Write some description of tracking (gaze, eyes and head) in general
- [x] Add license and license headers
- [x] Add screenshots
- [x] Write a first draft README, explaining utility, showing planed features and status tracking

Commit message:

Implementing plugin loading mechanism and testing it at plugins ground zero (work in progress)

TODO.md, after:

QTobiiDevTrack::Todo
--

## Development
- [x] Integrate Tobii Stream Engine API
- [x] Setup API and initialize device
- [x] Define a common plugin for all tracking subscriptions from SDK
- [x] Create and prepare structure for plug-able tracking
- [x] Implement a plugin loading mechanism and test within a ground zero
- [ ] Add exception for failing loading and/or casting plugins
- [ ] Introduce subdirs for qmake
- [ ] Start tracking engine in a separate thread
- [ ] Add a struct for exit codes
- [ ] Implement toggling button to start/stop tracking thread
- [ ] Implement toggling button to start/stop tracking
- [ ] Check and enable/disable buttons appropriately for starting/stopping thread and tracking
- [ ] Draft and add a generic interface for following tracking implementations
- [ ] Implement Gaze Point tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Add to gaze point tracking denormalization of coordinates
- [ ] Implement Gaze Origin tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Implement Eye Position tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Implement User Presence tracking and data display
- [ ] Implement Head Position tracking, approximation and data display
- [ ] Add an about dialog


## Documentation
- [ ] Write more detailed README, describing requirements, build process and features
- [ ] Write some description of tracking (gaze, eyes and head) in general
- [x] Add license and license headers
- [x] Add screenshots
- [x] Write a first draft README, explaining utility, showing planed features and status tracking
